docs: updated docs for secrets API token permissions (#36876)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/mend-hosted/credentials.md

The token must be included in the request header as the `authorization` property.

You can use a [classic token](https://github.com/settings/tokens) or a [fine-grained token](https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens).
Mend recommends the use of fine-grained tokens for enhanced security.

#### Scopes and permissions for tokens

> When calling APIs on _private_ repositories, the following scopes and permissions are required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to update secrets on both public and private repositories, the following scopes and permissions are required:
```

Reviewer: In fact I think you should consider simplifying it further by describing the one, universal way to get all scenarios working with fine-grained tokens.

- Classic tokens require `repo` scope (Full control of private repositories)

> - Fine-grained tokens must be for the `resource` of the org that the API is being called on, and must have a minimum of `metadata:read-only` permission on the selected repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fine-grained tokens must set the "Resource owner" as the org that the API is being called on, and GitHub's default (minimal) permissions.
```

I do not see metadata:read-only as an option when creating a fine-grained token for Orgs

Reviewer: <img width="794" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f5fa4628-87b8-46b5-a48d-433e1441b128" />

And which of these?

Author: Perhaps:
`Fine-grained tokens must set the "Resource owner" as the org that the API is being called on. When the API is for a private repo, Repostitory access must be set to "All repositories" or "Only select repositories" and include Repository permissions of "Metadata:Read-only".`

Reviewer: Let's back up a step. Make sure you describe, in order of appearance what _each_ field should be set to. Here's what I see when setting up a fine-grained token:

<img width="791" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4844f7a9-2d54-41fc-8c5a-a379c3d3bf9e" />
<img width="836" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/32a93679-cadd-4e39-9861-61620b068372" />

This is what I see when selecting "Resource owner":

<img width="352" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0eaf145f-ef19-4ac7-8d7d-a649df982df9" />

Here's what I see when I expand Permissions (I don't see metadata as an option):

<img width="795" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e1dcf5f1-c86c-4b2b-b21a-ec3128823da0" />
<img width="783" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/31086dea-67c3-474b-ab72-e7b8cbbcc1bd" />
<img width="786" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ca9ab4f1-87f8-4a73-93d5-88da706cbf68" />

Reviewer: Note: changing from Public repositories to All repositories or Select repositories results in a "Repository permissions" section being added, and inside it contains the "Metadata" setting I wasn't previously able to find

Author: Updated docs to include screenshots of the fine-grained token experience.
